EC Markets | Legal | Legal Information &amp; Documentation Download EC App Get EC Markets app Download the EC Markets app for iOS & Android! Trade, fund & manage accounts anytime, anywhere. 简体中文 ไทย Español 한국어 日本語 Bahasa Melayu Français Tiếng Việt Português 繁體中文 العربية Bahasa Indonesia Home Trading Market Instruments Forex Pairs Precious Metals Energies Indices Cryptocurrencies Account Types Account Comparison STD Account ECN Account PRO Account Trading Conditions Leverage Pricing Trading Platforms MetaTrader 4 MetaTrader 5 EC Markets App Resources Tools Economic Calendar EC Insights EC Academy Glossary News &amp; Analysis Latest News Market Analysis Market News Educational Company News CSR Partner Company EC Markets About Us Careers Regulation & Licences Legal Contact Us Banner Menu Banner View More &#8594; Sign Up Log In 简体中文 ไทย Español 한국어 日本語 Bahasa Melayu Français Tiếng Việt Português 繁體中文 العربية Bahasa Indonesia Home Trading Market Instruments Forex Pairs Precious Metals Energies Indices Cryptocurrencies Account Types Account Comparison STD Account ECN Account PRO Account Trading Conditions Leverage Pricing Trading Platforms MetaTrader 4 MetaTrader 5 EC Markets App Resources Tools Economic Calendar EC Insights EC Academy Glossary News &amp; Analysis Latest News Market Analysis Market News Educational Company News CSR Partner Company EC Markets About Us Careers Regulation & Licences Legal Contact Us Banner Menu Banner View More &#8594; Sign Up Log In Legal Documentation Open Account in 3 Steps 1 Register Enter your details and open a trading account. 2 Deposit Once approved, access funding through our secure portal. 3 Start Trading Access 100+ global markets on desktop or mobile. EC Markets Limited For your own benefit and protection, please read the documents below and any other information made available to you via this website before opening an account or placing an order. Client Agreement Download Privacy Policy Download Risk Disclosure Download Complaints Handling Policy Download Client Onboarding Process Download Download Mobile app Trading Forex Pairs Precious Metals Energies Indices Cryptocurrencies Account Comparison STD Account ECN Account PRO Account Leverage Pricing MetaTrader 4 MetaTrader 5 EC Markets App Resources Economic Calendar EC Insights EC Academy Glossary Latest News Market Analysis Market News Educational Company News CSR Company About Us Careers Regulation & Licences Legal Contact Us Menu Banner Home Trading Market Instruments Forex Pairs Precious Metals Energies Indices Cryptocurrencies Account Types Account Comparison STD Account ECN Account PRO Account Trading Conditions Leverage Pricing Trading Platforms MetaTrader 4 MetaTrader 5 EC Markets App Resources Tools Economic Calendar EC Insights EC Academy Glossary News &amp; Analysis Latest News Market Analysis Market News Educational Company News CSR Partner Company EC Markets About Us Careers Regulation & Licences Legal Contact Us Banner Menu Banner The Ultimate Trading Experience FSC FCA CMA FSCA ASIC FMA FSA ABOUT THE COMPANY EC Markets Limited is authorised and regulated by the Mauritius Financial Services Commission (FSC) under Licence No. GB21200130. The company is incorporated in the Republic of Mauritius under Company No. 188565 GBC. Its registered address is at The Cyberati Lounge, Ground Floor, The Catalyst, Silicon Avenue, 40 Cybercity, 72201, Ebene, Republic of Mauritius. EC Markets Group Ltd is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), FRN: 571881. EC Markets Group Ltd is incorporated in England and Wales (No. 07601714). The registered address is Parksworth House, 30 City Road, EC1Y 2AY, London, UK. EC Markets Securities &amp; Financial Promotion L.L.C is incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Dubai in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and the federal laws of the UAE under registration number 2430405. EC Markets Securities &amp; Financial Promotion L.L.C is authorised and regulated by the Capital Market Authority (CMA), (License No. 20200000281) and holds a category 5 license: ranking and advice. It is not authorised to hold client assets or client money. The registered address is Office 1801, 18th Floor, Magnum Opus Tower, Al Thanayah 1, TECOM C, Sheikh Zayed Road, Barsha Heights, Dubai, UAE. EC Markets Financial Limited is authorised and regulated by the South Africa Financial Sector Conduct Authority (FSCA), License No. 51886. EC Markets Financial Limited is registered as an external company within the Republic of South Africa. The trading address is Level 1, 1 Albert Street, Auckland 1010, New Zealand. EC Markets Financial Limited is authorised and regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC), AFSL no. 414198. EC Markets financial Limited is registered as a foreign company in Australia under number ARBN 152 535 085. The registered address is Level 1, 1 Albert Street, Auckland 1010, New Zealand. EC Markets Financial Limited is authorised and regulated by the New Zealand Financial Markets Authority (FMA), FSPR No. FSP197465. EC Markets Financial Limited is incorporated in New Zealand with company number 2446590. The registered address is Level 1, 1 Albert Street, Auckland 1010, New Zealand. EC Markets Limited (Seychelles) is authorised and regulated by the Seychelles Financial Services Authority (FSA), License No. SD009. EC Markets Limited is a Seychelles Investment Firm registered with the Registrar of Companies in Seychelles under number: 8413793-1. The registered address is IMAD Complex, Office 4, 3rd Floor, Ile Du Port, Mahé, Republic of Seychelles. DISCLAIMER The information provided on this website is not intended for residents of the UK, EU, US, or any other jurisdiction where its distribution or use may violate local laws, regulations, or sanctions. The content on this website has been prepared without considering the specific objectives, financial situation, or needs of any individual. Therefore, it is important that the information be evaluated in light of the relevant circumstances. It is strongly recommended to review the applicable documents available on the EC Markets legal page, which includes the Client Agreement , Risk Disclosure , Key Information Documents, and other important materials. Apple, iPad, and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. RISK DISCLOSURE Trading involves a high level of risk and may result in losses exceeding the initial deposit. Contracts for Difference (CFDs) are complex instruments and may not be suitable for all investors. Trading with leverage amplifies risks, and it is crucial to assess risk tolerance before engaging in trading. It is essential to evaluate whether the potential to lose more than the initial investment is financially sustainable. Trade responsibly. For more information, please visit our legal page . Download Mobile app This website is operated by EC Markets Limited (Mauritius) © 2026 EC Markets. All Rights Reserved.